README.md, before:

# examination

[Examination Project - Pure fitness website]

A responsive and accessible web project built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  
This project focuses on creating a modern, user-friendly interface and adding interactivity through JavaScript.
The website contains code written by us, but with AI help for writing generic content text to make it more realistic.
For some features AI has been a helping hand when stuck on syntax errors, asking for hints to lead us in the right direction to be able to solve the problem. Our inspiration for code, style and main setup has been found on google, mozilla.developer, youtube and our previous projects.

---

#Features:

- Fully responsive "mobile-first" layout, (works on desktop, tablet, and mobile) 
- Accessible design following best practices (semantic HTML, alt-texts, contrast)  
- Interactive functionality built with JavaScript  
- Clean and organized code structure 

#Project Structure:

Our website is structured with:
HTML:
- landing page (index.html) 
- subpages (Contact.html, gymgclasses.html, bmicalculator.html, newmember.html).

CSS :
- CSS file for all pages (style.css) for all pages share the same styling
- CSS files for specific page styles, (bmi.css, carousel.css, contact.css, newmember.css )

JS:
- Javascript code for BMI calculator (bmicalculator.js) and for carousel function
- Javascript file for newmember form validation (newmember-validation.js)

#Project Plan:

- Created a simple project plan with a todo list based on the requirements of the assignment. The project plan changed dynamical during the project to fit our current need. 
- The team practiced pair programming, alternating between the roles of driver (writing code) and navigator (reviewing and providing guidance). This gave us two perspectives for discussions, problem-solving, and knowledge sharing, while also improving team communication and bonding.
- The team also worked individually in separate branches to be able to work efficient and focused with different tasks.

Commit message:

final changes to fix WCAG, responsiveness and minor css fixes to all files

README.md, after:

# examination

[Examination Project - Pure fitness website]

A responsive and accessible web project built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  
This project focuses on creating a modern, user-friendly interface and adding interactivity through JavaScript.
The website contains code written by us, but with AI help for writing generic content text to make it more realistic.
For some features AI has been a helping hand when stuck on syntax errors, asking for hints to lead us in the right direction to be able to solve the problem. Our inspiration for code, style and main setup has been found on google, mozilla.developer, youtube and our previous projects.

---

#Features:

- Fully responsive "mobile-first" layout, (works on desktop, tablet, and mobile) 
- Accessible design following best practices (semantic HTML, alt-texts, contrast)  
- Interactive functionality built with JavaScript  
- Clean and organized code structure 

#How to run & test the project:

- Test accessibility by navigating with the keyboard (Tab key) or using a screen reader. 

- Test the form validation by leaving fields empty or entering invalid data.
- Click “Become a Member” to open the sign-up form.
- Try to become a new member again and check that user data is saved in localStorage.
- Check responsiveness by resizing the browser window.
- Test the BMI calculator by weight and heigt input


#Project Structure:

Our website is structured with:
HTML:
- landing page (index.html) 
- subpages (gymgclasses.html, bmicalculator.html, newmember.html).

CSS :
- CSS file for all pages (style.css) for all pages share the same styling
- CSS files for specific page styles, (bmi.css, newmember.css )

JS:
- Javascript code for BMI calculator (bmicalculator.js) 
- Javascript file for newmember form validation (newmember-validation.js)

#Project Plan:

- Created a simple project plan with a todo list based on the requirements of the assignment. The project plan changed dynamical during the project to fit our current need. 
- The team practiced pair programming, alternating between the roles of driver (writing code) and navigator (reviewing and providing guidance). This gave us two perspectives for discussions, problem-solving, and knowledge sharing, while also improving team communication and bonding.
- The team also worked individually in separate branches to be able to work efficient and focused with different tasks.
